Time to write a game!

Summary:
    The player goes to the fridge for a midnight snack and finds that instead of food they have come across a path into a forest garden. They wander into the garden to find a note from someone called only The Mage. This note begins a quest to find the lovely Edrys who The Mage has been looking for quite some time. On this quest the player will encounter battles and puzzles across various locations including: The Mage's home, an abandoned shed, an expansive bridge, a forest, a well, a beach, and a cave. Failing to solve puzzles or win battles results in the player waking up in his bedroom with no memory of the adventure but with some resulting injury from the loss.

Story ideas:

Initial scene: 
    It's midnight and you've walked into your kitchen with the goal of obtaining a midnight snack. You go to the fridge and open the door. You blink once. Twice. There is no food in your fridge. Instead, it looks as though you have opened a doorway looking into a small garden in the middle of a forest of towering maple trees. There is a stone path leading a few feet into the center where there is an iron bench. You can either close the fridge, assuming that you're just going a little crazy because you're so tired, or you can step into the garden.
    What do you do?

Garden:

Forest:

Well:

Mage's Home:

Shed:

Bridge:

Cave:

Beach:
    As you walk down the winding staircase, the sounds of the ocean grow louder. There is a door at the bottom that is open just enough that you can see the sunlight pouring in. You get to the bottom of the staircase and push open the door to reveal a small beach enclosed on three sides by expansive cliffs. The ocean is calm in front of you and there is a slight breeze. The only other thing on the beach is a boulder the size of a large dog that is just at the edge of the water. You walk toward the boulder and notice that something seems off about the way the light hits it. It almost looks as if the boulder has.... Scales?
        Options:
            Poke the boulder.*
            Stab the boulder.
            Kick the boulder.
            Lick the boulder.


Final scene:
    You poke the boulder and notice that it is much warmer than a rock formation on this cool beach should be. Nothing happens at first. After a moment, though, the boulder seemns to shiver a bit. You poke it again, curiosity too much for you to resist. The boulder begins to expand... No. It is unravelling, revealing a small, black dragon. The wingspan is roughly twice your height. The dragon looks around for a moment, clearly looking for the source of the poking before it's eyes latch on to you. They narrow as the dragon begins to snarl, and you pull the sword from the shieth on your hip, prepared for battle...

    The Mage appears suddenly between you and the dragon, grinning maniacally. "Hello adventurer! It seems you have found my precious Edrys. What's that? I didn't tell you she was a dragon? Oh well. How terribly remiss of me." The dragon is nuzzling the Mage's hand now. "Thank you so much for your help with this quest! It seems your journey has come to an end and you have been victorious. Would you like me to send you home now?"
        Options:
            Yes, send me home. 
                "You close your eyes when the Mage touches your shoulder... Opening them to the ceiling of your bedroom. You are in your bed wearing your pajamas... No evidence of the night's journey to be found as the sky outside begins to lighten with the coming day. You head to the kitchen to start breakfast, and as you open the fridge a large maple leaf falls to the floor at your feat.

            No, I would like to stay here. 
                "Ah. I should have known you would not want to leave this land after the things you have seen this day. If I could allow you to stay, I certainly would, but it is nearing day in your world and there are those who need you as surely as I have. Go now, and I will ensure that you do not find yourself wanting for this world too greatly."

                You open your eyes as the sun begins to rise, stretching out on your bed. Odd dreams from the night before are slipping from your brain as you fight to grasp on to them. A dragon. A... wizard? Battles and puzzles and a quest... It seems like a grand adventure. Maybe you should write a book about it.